doc: add multi stage build to the native guide (#2859)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/building-native-image-guide.adoc

 * On macOS, execute `xcode-select --install`.
====

[TIP]
====

> If you cannot install GraalVM, you can use a multi-stage Docker build to run Maven inside a Docker container that embedded GraalVM. There is an explanation of how to do this at the end of this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot install GraalVM, you can use a multi-stage Docker build to run Maven inside a Docker container that embeds GraalVM. There is an explanation of how to do this at the end of this guide.
```

Author: done

NOTE: Interested by tiny Docker images, check the {quarkus-images-url}/graalvm-{graalvm-version}/distroless[distroless] version.

== Creating a container with a multi-stage Docker build

The previous section showed you how to build a native executable using Maven, but implicitly required that the proper GraalVM version be installed on the building machine (be it your local machine or your CI/CD infrastructure).

> In cases where the GraalVM requirement cannot be met, you can use Docker to make the Maven build by using a multi-stage Docker build. A multi-stage Docker build is like two Dockerfile files combined in one, the first is used to build the artifact used by the second. 

Reviewer 2: One last thing on my part:

`make the Maven build` -> `perform the Maven build`

Author: done

NOTE: Interested by tiny Docker images, check the {quarkus-images-url}/graalvm-{graalvm-version}/distroless[distroless] version.

> == Producing a container with a multi-stage Docker build

Reviewer 2: I would prefer we said `Creating` a container instead of `Producing`, since that is the industry standard

Author: The previous paragraph title is "Producing a container", so if I rephrase this one I should also rephrase the previous one ?

Reviewer 2: Yes please

Author: done

> On the previous paragraph, we show you how to build a native image with Maven, however this implies that GraalVM is installed locally, and if you use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous paragraph, we show you how to build a native image with Maven, however this implies that GraalVM is installed locally, and if you use
```

Author: done

> a CI/CD pipeline, inside your CI/CD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a CI/CD pipeline, installed inside your CI/CD.
```
It think it's a bit clearer. I had a parse error when I first read this sentence.

Reviewer 2: Although the meaning is conveyed, this doesn't sound like it idiomatic English. 
I would rather phrase it like:

The previous sectioned showed you how to build a native image using Maven, but implicitly required that the proper GraalVM version be installed on the building machine (be it your local machine on your CI/CD infrastructure).

Author: done

Reviewer 2: My mistake here... I wrote `sectioned` instead of `section`, can you please fix it?

Author: I saw it, already corrected ;)

Reviewer 2: Thanks!

> If not, you can use Docker to make the Maven build by using a multi-stage Docker build. A multi-stage Docker build is like two Dockerfile files combined in one, the first is used to build the artifact used by the second. 

Reviewer 2: `If not` -> `In cases where the GraalVM requirement cannot be met`

Author: done

> In this guide we will use the first stage to generate the native image using Maven and the second stage to create our runtime image.

Reviewer 2: I think `native image` should become `native binary` in order to make it clear we are not talking about a docker image

Author: The other paragraphe talks about `native executable` I will update my paragraphe to use this term.

Reviewer 2: OK, sounds good

[source,dockerfile]
----
## Stage 1 : build with maven builder image with native capabilities
FROM quay.io/quarkus/centos-quarkus-maven:graalvm-{graalvm-version} AS build
COPY src /usr/src/app/src
COPY pom.xml /usr/src/app
RUN mvn -f /usr/src/app/pom.xml -Pnative clean package

## Stage 2 : create the docker final image
FROM registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8/ubi-minimal
WORKDIR /work/
COPY --from=build /usr/src/app/target/*-runner /work/application
RUN chmod 775 /work
EXPOSE 8080
CMD ["./application", "-Dquarkus.http.host=0.0.0.0"]
----

Save this file in `src/main/docker/Dockerfile.multistage` as it is not included in the getting started quickstart.

[WARNING]
====

> Before we can launch our Docker build, we need to update the default `.dockerignore` file as it filters everything except the `target` directory and as we plan to build inside a container we need to be able to copy the `src` directory. So edit you `.dockerignore` and remove or comment all its lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we can launch our Docker build, we need to update the default `.dockerignore` file as it filters everything except the `target` directory and as we plan to build inside a container we need to be able to copy the `src` directory. So edit your `.dockerignore` and remove or comment its content.
```

Reviewer 2: Also `Before we can launch` -> Before launching`

Author: done
